hello I am professional hat catcher and
let's player tres snoring and uh we were
in the middle of making a hat trap yes
he's fishing net on hole yes you've
heard this discussion before tok tok tik
tik tok okay talk to Victor yeah you
think need to block that passage I don't
like her use bouncing ball on hat burger
it's a trap now you still suck a pixie
what else could it have been shoot Danny
you've whole thing le bug that's hurtful
these Pixies are such a pest the King
got to do something against them um okay
that castle and give him a piece of my
mind what mind sorry I'm my old man
shoot nobody likes Victor mad did bitter
at all you think I wouldn't know don't
know much about fashion let's pick that
bouncy ball back up we get our net again
you suck let's see let's see let's go
talk to her talk to Louise here for some
hardcore demonstrating hoorah you bet I
can't wait to give that cutting a
vegetable avoid fantastic okay let's go
we see now you must forgive me it's been
a while since I ok that and by that he
means that's where I keep my corpses I'm
feeling creative today use coffee beans
on hammer those tea I used to get really
really long these hammer on coffee beans
you suck his hammer bucket of water um
let's see um I don't particular my
radish part 9 eating pizza um news
coffee beans handle you bet you're
feeling creative piece oh I remember
these coffee beans on pitch eat crap hmm
now this actually worked okay now we can
go make our super coffee what's that
sign set victor gibbons blacksmith haha
hit pinche the crowd be that way I'm
Victor okay let's see use matches on
coffee machine candle is burning now use
coffee powder on coffee machine use
glass of water on coffee machine use
empty glass on coffee machine coffee
baking time do we do there we go that's
the coffee baking theme song for those
of you did not know I want more coffee
beans do it you killed the cat here
drink this coffee likes magic little dog
with a hat on and the thing fucking
banks and a problem say at the castle a
turd or feet splendid awesome
talk to Victor see if it drives anything
the same move into the foreground hey
Victor yeah what do you think this place
I like watching the sunset man that's
quite a sight huh the boss brain ft to
you lost your eyebrow Victor I should
just let you know you lost that whole
eyebrow partner face hmm we could still
use some more people you're right oh la
la would you like to join our
demonstration campaign what no our youth
the juve it's turning up trouble no sir
we're merely arranging a peaceful
demonstration with burning barrels signs
and dumb forces to underline our demands
well that's nice holy you're now under
arrest on the King's orders it def do
that shut up and coming off basically I
don't have to use force these are not
the droids you are looking for you Scott
what's use false against us yeah we
better do what he says that you're not
going to resist no he's a god after all
even if he's got a short his armor
doesn't fit him
he's got a funny hairdo are you done
making front of me his voice is kinda
ridiculous do oh whatever just come on
home now splendiferous this sucks I'm
underage too since we do children get
arrested like that sheesh but at least
they have this small being a year yeah
but I'm chained to the wall I just I'm
just wondering what I'll do win let's
not follow that train of thought any
further please okay how I need to keep
us here anyway probably just did a or
something oh you troublemakers okay
nessa sided how you'll be punished
you'll be imprisoned for two years but
but what is it really um all they're
gonna get ago the bathroom ah hey get
you a lock is Jane's hope I don't have
to do that but it's an emergency
tragedies will occur so around two years
a kit believe it it's ridiculous talk to
Victor hey Victor yeah what do you think
of this place thanks me I'm sick feel
the same way really need to get out of
here that's all for now
splendid well we're in prison lousy beer
bureaucracy well don't worry about it in
the next century I'm going to be running
under the I'm going to be running for
King and when I become the ruler of all
the lands i will establish a benevolent
dictatorship where i will slaughter all
infidels I mean free puppies for
everybody I'm trust